feature(examples): Add Humaans connector (#453)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: connectors/humaans/README.md

# Humaans Connector Example

## Connector overview

> This connector syncs companies, documents, and job roles data from the Humaans HR platform API. It demonstrates how to implement memory-efficient streaming patterns for HR data synchronization using the Fivetran Connector SDK. The connector fetches organizational structure data, employee document records, and job role definitions with comprehensive field mapping and incremental sync capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector syncs company, document, and job role data from the Humaans HR platform API. It demonstrates how to implement memory-efficient streaming patterns for HR data synchronization using the Fivetran Connector SDK. The connector fetches organizational structure data, employee document records, and job role definitions with comprehensive field mapping and incremental sync capabilities.
```

## Error handling
- 429 Rate Limited: Automatic retry with Retry-After header support (refer to the `__handle_rate_limit` function)
- Timeout handling with configurable retry attempts (refer to the `__handle_request_error` function)
- Exponential backoff with jitter prevents multiple clients from making requests at the same time
- Parameter validation with descriptive error messages provides clear guidance for fixing setup issues

## Tables created
| Table | Primary Key | Description |
|-------|-------------|-------------|
| COMPANIES | `id` | Company information including name, address, and contact details |
| DOCUMENTS | `id` | Employee documents with metadata, file information, and expiry dates |
| JOB_ROLES | `id` | Job role definitions with salary ranges, requirements, and department information |

Column types are automatically inferred by Fivetran. Sample columns include `name`, `description`, `created_at`, `updated_at`, `address_city`, `file_size`, `mime_type`, `salary_range_min`, `employment_type`, `is_active`.

## Additional files
The connector includes several additional files to support functionality, testing, and deployment:

> - `requirements.txt` – Python dependency specification for Humaans API integration and connector requirements including faker for mock testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `requirements.txt` – Python dependency specification for Humaans API integration and connector requirements, including faker for mock testing.
```
